Update style guide and add it to contributors section (#4576)
tendermint/tendermint: STYLE_GUIDE.md

## Various

 * Reserve "Save" and "Load" for long-running persistence operations. When parsing bytes, use "Encode" or "Decode".
 * Maintain consistency across the codebase.
 * Functions that return functions should have the suffix `Fn`
 * A struct generally shouldn’t have a field named after itself, aka. this shouldn't occur:
``` golang
type middleware struct {
	middleware Middleware
}
```
 * In comments, use "iff" to mean, "if and only if".
 * Product names are capitalized, like "Tendermint", "Basecoin", "Protobuf", etc except in command lines: `tendermint --help`
 * Acronyms are all capitalized, like "RPC", "gRPC", "API".  "MyID", rather than "MyId".
 * Prefer errors.New() instead of fmt.Errorf() unless you're actually using the format feature with arguments. (otherwise it's needlessly inefficient, & it'll crap out on %*)

## Importing Libraries

Sometimes it's necessary to rename libraries to avoid naming collisions or ambiguity.

 * Use [goimports](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports)
 * Separate imports into blocks - one for the standard lib, one for external libs and one for tendermint libs.
 * Here are some common library labels for consistency:

>    - dbm "github.com/tendermint/tmlibs/db"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - dbm "github.com/tendermint/tm-db"
```

>    - cmn "github.com/tendermint/tmlibs/common"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   - tmcmd "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/cmd/tendermint/commands"
   - tmcfg "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/config/tendermint"
   - tmtypes "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/types"
 * Never use anonymous imports (the `.`), for example, `tmlibs/common` or anything else.
 * tip: Use the `_` library import to import a library for initialization effects (side effects)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When importing a pkg from the `tendermint/libs` directory, prefix the pkg alias with tm. 
    - tmbits "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/libs/bits"
```
this helps with disambiguating pkgs from the std library pkgs

## Dependencies

 * Dependencies should be pinned by a release tag, or specific commit, to avoid breaking `go get` when external dependencies are updated.

## Testing

 * The first rule of testing is: we add tests to our code

>  * The second rule of testing is: we add tests to our code

Reviewer: 😆

# Go Coding Style Guide

In order to keep our code looking good with lots of programmers working on it, it helps to have a "style guide", so all
the code generally looks quite similar. This doesn't mean there is only one "right way" to write code, or even that this
standard is better than your style.  But if we agree to a number of stylistic practices, it makes it much easier to read
and modify new code. Please feel free to make suggestions if there's something you would like to add or modify.

Please, before going through the rest of the document, have a read over the [syntactical style](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md)

> If you wish to gain some further understanding, we recommend having a read on how to code [effective go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html)

Reviewer 2: This is the required reading, IMO

Reviewer 2: I might make these two paragraphs something like: 

```md
We expect all contributors to be familiar with [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html) (and it's recommended reading for all Go programmers anyways.) Additionally, we generally agree with the suggestions in [Uber's style guide](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md) and use that as a starting point.
```

Author: Yup I agree, that sounds better

## Code Structure

Perhaps more key for code readability than good commenting is having the right structure. As a rule of thumb, try to write
in a logical order of importance, taking a little time to think how to order and divide the code such that someone could
scroll down and understand the functionality of it just as well as you do. A loose example of such order would be:
* Constants and global variables
* Main Struct
* Options (only if they are seen as critical to the struct else they should be placed in another file)

> * Initialisation / Start and stop of the service

Reviewer 2: Ha ha ha we are going to need to agree on an English-language style guide as well, aren't we 😉

Reviewer 3: Oxford commas! 😛

Author: hahah whoops totally didn't reali-z-e that

* Msgs/Events
* Public Functions (In order of most important)
* Private/helper functions
* Auxiliary structs and function (can also be above private functions or in a separate file)

## General

 * Use `gofmt` (or `goimport`) to format all code upon saving it.  (If you use VIM, check out vim-go).
 * Use a linter (see below) and generally try to keep the linter happy (where it makes sense).
 * Think about documentation, and try to leave godoc comments, when it will help new developers.
 * Every package should have a high level doc.go file to describe the purpose of that package, its main functions, and any other relevant information.
 * `TODO` should not be used. If important enough should be recorded as an issue.
 * `BUG` / `FIXME` should be used sparingly to guide future developers on some of the vulnerabilities of the code.
 * `XXX` can be used in work-in-progress (prefixed with "WIP:" on github) branches but they must be removed before approving a PR.
 * Applications (e.g. clis/servers) *should* panic on unexpected unrecoverable errors and print a stack trace.

## Comments

 * Use a space after comment deliminter (ex. `// your comment`).

>  * Many comments are not sentences, these should begin with a lower case letter and end without a period.

Reviewer 2: strongly agree! also, small grammar tweak:

```suggestion
 * Many comments are not sentences. These should begin with a lower case letter and end without a period.
```

>  * The first letter of sentences in comments are capitalized and ends with a period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Conversely, sentences in comments should be sentence-cased and end with a period.
```

## Linters

> These must be applied to all (go) repos.

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to add instructions on running these linters too! (You could add a TODO and do it in a follow up.)

Author: Do you mean including something like:
After installing, use `golangci-lint run` in the directory you would like to check

The linters have links to their respective repo's if people want to take a deeper look into them

Author: Are you okay with this, or do you still want more instructions?

> These must be applied to all (go) repos.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These must be applied to all (Go) repos.
```

 * [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)
 * [golangci (covers all important linters)](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint)
   - See the `.golangcli.yml` file in each repo for linter configuration.

## Various

 * Reserve "Save" and "Load" for long-running persistence operations. When parsing bytes, use "Encode" or "Decode".
 * Maintain consistency across the codebase.
 * Functions that return functions should have the suffix `Fn`

>  * A struct generally shouldn’t have a field named after itself, aka. this shouldn't occur:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Names should not [stutter](https://blog.golang.org/package-names). For example, a struct generally shouldn’t have a field named after itself; e.g., this shouldn't occur:
```

``` golang
type middleware struct {
	middleware Middleware
}
```
 * In comments, use "iff" to mean, "if and only if".
 * Product names are capitalized, like "Tendermint", "Basecoin", "Protobuf", etc except in command lines: `tendermint --help`
 * Acronyms are all capitalized, like "RPC", "gRPC", "API".  "MyID", rather than "MyId".
 * Prefer errors.New() instead of fmt.Errorf() unless you're actually using the format feature with arguments. (otherwise it's needlessly inefficient, & it'll crap out on %*)

## Importing Libraries

Sometimes it's necessary to rename libraries to avoid naming collisions or ambiguity.

 * Use [goimports](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports)

>  * Separate imports into blocks - one for the standard lib, one for external libs and one for tendermint libs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Separate imports into blocks - one for the standard lib, one for external libs and one for application libs.
```

 * Here are some common library labels for consistency:
   - dbm "github.com/tendermint/tm-db"
   - tmcmd "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/cmd/tendermint/commands"
   - tmcfg "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/config/tendermint"
   - tmtypes "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/types"
 * Never use anonymous imports (the `.`), for example, `tmlibs/common` or anything else.
 * When importing a pkg from the `tendermint/libs` directory, prefix the pkg alias with tm.
     - tmbits "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/libs/bits"
 * tip: Use the `_` library import to import a library for initialization effects (side effects)

## Dependencies

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe should say something about using modules here?

Author: There's an entire section about dependencies in the contributing file, perhaps we should just remove this completely

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree, let's remove this

 * Dependencies should be pinned by a release tag, or specific commit, to avoid breaking `go get` when external dependencies are updated.

## Testing

 * The first rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * The second rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * For Golang testing:
   * Make use of table driven testing where possible and not-cumbersome
     - [Inspiration](https://dave.cheney.net/2013/06/09/writing-table-driven-tests-in-go)
   * Make use of [assert](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/assert) and [require](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/require)
 * When using mocks, it is recommended to use either [testify mock](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/stretchr/testify/mock
 ) or [Mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery)

## Errors

 * Ensure that errors are concise, clear and traceable.
 * Use stdlib errors package.
 * For wrapping errors, use `fmt.Errorf()` with `%w`.

>  * Use panic sparingly only to expose internal problems.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can directly lift a sentence from this [great explanation](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/issues/4465#issuecomment-602705133) from @erikgrinaker here: 

> My recommendation would be that panic is appropriate when an internal invariant of a system is broken, while all other cases (in particular, incorrect or invalid usage) should return errors.

Author: Done :+1:

## Config

 * Currently the TOML filetype is being used for config files
 * A good practice is to store the default Config file under `~/.[yourAppName]/config.toml`

## CLI

>  * When implementing a CLI use [Cobra](https://github.com/spf13/cobra) and [Viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper). urfave/cli can be replace with cobra in those repos where applicable.

Reviewer 2: > urfave/cli can be replace with cobra in those repos where applicable.
What does this mean?  also lol at "urfave/cli"

Author: Not sure. I didn't write most of these parts. I just took them from one of the old tendermint repo's about style and just modified the top part plus take a quick skim through stuff that I'm sure wasn't applicable. My guess is that instead of using the `urfave/cli` package we use `cobra` instead but then this would make this sentence quite redundant

Author: I have just removed this

 * Helper messages for commands and flags must be all lowercase.

>  * Instead of using pointer flags (eg. `FlagSet().StringVar`) use viper to retrieve flag values (eg. `viper.GetString`)

Reviewer 2: Should this be capitalized? Thinking of the parts of this document that suggest capitalizing product names

   - The flag key used when setting and getting the flag should always be stored in a
   variable taking the form `FlagXxx` or `flagXxx`.
   - Flag short variable descriptions should always start with a lower case charater as to remain consistent with
   the description provided in the default `--help` flag.

## Version

>  * Every repo should have a version/version.go file that mimicks the tendermint core repo

Reviewer 2: Also capitalize? Tendermint Core, both capitalized, I think?

 * We read the value of the constant version in our build scripts and hence it has to be a string

> ## Non-Golang Code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Non-Go Code
```

>  * All non-go code (`*.proto`, `Makefile`, `*.sh`), where there is no common

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * All non-Go code (`*.proto`, `Makefile`, `*.sh`), where there is no common
```

# Go Coding Style Guide

In order to keep our code looking good with lots of programmers working on it, it helps to have a "style guide", so all
the code generally looks quite similar. This doesn't mean there is only one "right way" to write code, or even that this
standard is better than your style.  But if we agree to a number of stylistic practices, it makes it much easier to read
and modify new code. Please feel free to make suggestions if there's something you would like to add or modify.

We expect all contributors to be familiar with [Effective Go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html)

> (and it's recommended reading for all Go programmers anyways.) Additionally, we generally agree with the suggestions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
(and it's recommended reading for all Go programmers anyways). Additionally, we generally agree with the suggestions
```

* Auxiliary structs and function (can also be above private functions or in a separate file)

## General

 * Use `gofmt` (or `goimport`) to format all code upon saving it.  (If you use VIM, check out vim-go).
 * Use a linter (see below) and generally try to keep the linter happy (where it makes sense).
 * Think about documentation, and try to leave godoc comments, when it will help new developers.
 * Every package should have a high level doc.go file to describe the purpose of that package, its main functions, and any other relevant information.
 * `TODO` should not be used. If important enough should be recorded as an issue.
 * `BUG` / `FIXME` should be used sparingly to guide future developers on some of the vulnerabilities of the code.
 * `XXX` can be used in work-in-progress (prefixed with "WIP:" on github) branches but they must be removed before approving a PR.
 * Applications (e.g. clis/servers) *should* panic on unexpected unrecoverable errors and print a stack trace.

## Comments

 * Use a space after comment deliminter (ex. `// your comment`).
 * Many comments are not sentences. These should begin with a lower case letter and end without a period.

>  * Conversely, sentences in comments should be sentenced-cased end with a period.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Conversely, sentences in comments should be sentenced-cased and end with a period.
```

## Linters

These must be applied to all (Go) repos.

 * [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

>  * [golangci (covers all important linters)](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * [golangci-lint (covers all important linters)](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint)
```

>    - See the `.golangcli.yml` file in each repo for linter configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - See the `.golangci.yml` file in each repo for linter configuration.
```

## Various

 * Reserve "Save" and "Load" for long-running persistence operations. When parsing bytes, use "Encode" or "Decode".
 * Maintain consistency across the codebase.
 * Functions that return functions should have the suffix `Fn`
 * Names should not [stutter](https://blog.golang.org/package-names). For example, a struct generally shouldn’t have
  a field named after itself; e.g., this shouldn't occur:
``` golang
type middleware struct {
	middleware Middleware
}
```
 * In comments, use "iff" to mean, "if and only if".
 * Product names are capitalized, like "Tendermint", "Basecoin", "Protobuf", etc except in command lines: `tendermint --help`
 * Acronyms are all capitalized, like "RPC", "gRPC", "API".  "MyID", rather than "MyId".

>  * Prefer errors.New() instead of fmt.Errorf() unless you're actually using the format feature with arguments. (otherwise it's needlessly inefficient, & it'll crap out on %*)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * Prefer errors.New() instead of fmt.Errorf() unless you're actually using the format feature with arguments.
```

 * Never use anonymous imports (the `.`), for example, `tmlibs/common` or anything else.
 * When importing a pkg from the `tendermint/libs` directory, prefix the pkg alias with tm.
     - tmbits "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/libs/bits"
 * tip: Use the `_` library import to import a library for initialization effects (side effects)

## Dependencies

 * Dependencies should be pinned by a release tag, or specific commit, to avoid breaking `go get` when external dependencies are updated.
 * Refer to the [contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) document for more details

## Testing

 * The first rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * The second rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * For Golang testing:
   * Make use of table driven testing where possible and not-cumbersome
     - [Inspiration](https://dave.cheney.net/2013/06/09/writing-table-driven-tests-in-go)
   * Make use of [assert](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/assert) and [require](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/require)
 * When using mocks, it is recommended to use either [testify mock](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/stretchr/testify/mock

>  ) or [Mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 * When using mocks, it is recommended to use Testify [mock] (https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/stretchr/testify/mock
 ) along with [Mockery](https://github.com/vektra/mockery) for autogeneration
```

# Go Coding Style Guide

In order to keep our code looking good with lots of programmers working on it, it helps to have a "style guide", so all
the code generally looks quite similar. This doesn't mean there is only one "right way" to write code, or even that this
standard is better than your style.  But if we agree to a number of stylistic practices, it makes it much easier to read
and modify new code. Please feel free to make suggestions if there's something you would like to add or modify.

Please, before going through the rest of the document, have a read over the [syntactical style](https://github.com/uber-go/guide/blob/master/style.md)

If you wish to gain some further understanding, we recommend having a read on how to code [effective go](https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html)

## Code Structure

Perhaps more key for code readability than good commenting is having the right structure. As a rule of thumb, try to write
in a logical order of importance, taking a little time to think how to order and divide the code such that someone could
scroll down and understand the functionality of it just as well as you do. A loose example of such order would be:

> * Main Struct

Reviewer 3: I'd add constants and global variables at the top.

Reviewer 2: And package-level variables, too! (And hopefully we don't have too many global variables 😬)

* Options (only if they are seen as critical to the struct else they should be placed in another file)
* Initialisation / Start and stop of the service
* Msgs/Events
* Public Functions (In order of most important)
* Private/helper functions
* Auxiliary structs and function (can also be above private functions or in a separate file)

## General

 * Use `gofmt` (or `goimport`) to format all code upon saving it.  (If you use VIM, check out vim-go).
 * Use a linter (see below) and generally try to keep the linter happy (where it makes sense).
 * Think about documentation, and try to leave godoc comments, when it will help new developers.
 * Every package should have a high level doc.go file to describe the purpose of that package, its main functions, and any other relevant information.

>  * `TODO` should not be used in lieu of correctness.  It can be used sparingly to document future direction.

Reviewer: should we avoid todos as well? we follow the same guide as mentioned in bug/fixme

Author: I don't mind either way, I just know that some of the modules I've looked over i.e. p2p definitely do not use it 'sparingly'. I would say that issues can probably be used to cover any need for TODO's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `TODO` should not be used in lieu of correctness.  It can be used sparingly to document future direction. If one is being used make sure there is an accompanying issue and reference the issue number.
```

should it be a link to the issue or just number

Author: I've just written to avoid it and use issues instead

>  * `BUG` / `FIXME` should be avoided; these should instead be documented as specific issues that can be linked to in the code.

Reviewer 3: Really? I find `FIXME`s are usually minor issues that will sit around until the end of time, and are usually left as markers for gotchas that a future developer needs to be aware of when working with the code. Putting them in an issue will often just make them non-discoverable from the code, and clog up the issue backlog.

Author: Would you like to remove it then? I would have thought that if it was small enough that there be no reason that whoever wrote it or noticed it would be able to solve it then and there and if it was no small fix, that an issue would be appropriate

Reviewer 3: Personally I quite like `FIXME`s, but maybe we could consider saying that every `FIXME` should refer to an issue?

 * `XXX` can be used in work-in-progress (prefixed with "WIP:" on github) branches but they must be removed before approving a PR.

>  * Libraries *should* panic on developer usage error.

Reviewer 3: We need to be careful with this. As long as it panics in common and obvious ways that will be caught during development then that's fine, but not when this suddenly starts happening in corner cases that are rarely triggered.

Reviewer: I would rather do this on a per case basis. should we remove this?

 * Applications (e.g. clis/servers) *should* panic on unexpected unrecoverable errors and print a stack trace.

## Comments

 * Use a space after comment deliminter (ex. `// your comment`).
 * Many comments are not sentences, these should begin with a lower case letter and end without a period.
 * The first letter of sentences in comments are capitalized and ends with a period.

## Github

Development should following the regimented structure for branches and pull requests outlined herein.
For further inspiration checkout https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/.

 * Production branches
   * Production repos never push to `master` or `develop` branches directly. Push-master can merge to these branches.

>    * `develop` should always pass Continuous Integration (CI), Continuous Delivery (CD) tests

Reviewer 4: we don't have develop anymore

   * A release is a successful PR from the `develop` to `master`. The contents
     from the PRs merged into develop forms the as basis for the release
 * Feature branches
   * should follow the naming convention `yourname/ghi-description`, where `ghi` is the github issue number
   * all branches should be in lowercase, underscores/dashes are okay in branch names

>    * should have an open PR with the name "WIP: your feature description"

Reviewer 4: WIP is outdated. Use draft PR github feature.

   * All feature PRs should be opened for merge to the `develop` branch, unless stacked on other PR leading to `develop`.
    * Ideally, for faster merges, break your PR into several PRs that stack on top of each other and lead to `develop`.
 * Reference branches

>    * Sometimes it is necessary to keep a branch with reference information even there there is no intention of merging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Sometimes it is necessary to keep a branch with reference information even if there is no intention of merging
```

   * These branches should be named `yourname/reference-ghi-description`, where `ghi` is the github issue number
 * Pull Requests (PRs)

>    * Do not merge PRs that aren't final -- e.g. no code dead code or code that won't be used should be committed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Do not merge PRs that aren't final -- e.g. no dead code or code that won't be used should be committed.
```

>    * Always delete branch immediately after merge

Reviewer 4: this is now done automatically

   * When there are to many commits, [Squash](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5189560/squash-my-last-x-commits-together-using-git)

>    them to keep the history clean - don't do this where commits ought to be kept for future reference.

Reviewer: we strictly only squash commits.

>    * All pull requests should include any relevant additions to the `CHANGELOG.md`, if the PR is opened against the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * All pull requests should include any relevant additions to the `CHANGELOG_PENDING.md`, if the PR is opened against the
```

     develop branch then include the changes under an `unreleased changes` header at the top of the document.

## Linters

These must be applied to all (go) repos.

 * [shellcheck](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

>  * [gometalinter (covers all important linters)](https://github.com/alecthomas/gometalinter)

Reviewer 4: we're using golang-ci now

>    - See the `Makefile` in each repo for ongoing linting progress. Running `make metalinter` is the ultimate goal, while `make metalinter_test` enables all the linters that are currently passing, for integration with CI.

Reviewer 3: I think this is outdated. We should have a `make lint` target that does whatever linting is necessary.

   * gometalinter may make use of the [Tendermint fork of golint](https://github.com/tendermint/lint/)

## Various

 * Reserve "Save" and "Load" for long-running persistence operations. When parsing bytes, use "Encode" or "Decode".

>  * Receiver variables should be at least 2 letters.  e.g. not `func (s \*Something) MyFunc(){}` but `func (sm *Something) MyFunc(){}`.  This makes refactoring easier when we rename Something to something else.

Reviewer 3: Can we drop this? Code editors can rename symbols easily.

Author: Sure

 * Maintain consistency across the codebase.

>  * Do not use "instance" in function names.

Reviewer 3: This seems a bit arbitrary. Why is this important?

Author: actually beforehand there was another sentence afterwards asking why this was here. I will remove it

 * Functions that return functions should have the suffix `Fn`
 * A struct generally shouldn’t have a field named after itself, aka. this shouldn't occur:
``` golang
type middleware struct {
	middleware Middleware
}
```
 * In comments, use "iff" to mean, "if and only if".
 * Product names are capitalized, like "Tendermint", "Basecoin", "Protobuf", etc except in command lines: `tendermint --help`
 * Acronyms are all capitalized, like "RPC", "gRPC", "API".  "MyID", rather than "MyId".
 * Prefer errors.New() instead of fmt.Errorf() unless you're actually using the format feature with arguments. (otherwise it's needlessly inefficient, & it'll crap out on %*)

## Importing Libraries

Sometimes it's necessary to rename libraries to avoid naming collisions or ambiguity.

 * Use [goimports](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/goimports)

>  * Separate imports into blocks - one for the standard lib and one for others. In some cases, it's nice to

Reviewer 3: I'd drop the "In some cases", and make this the general policy. Also, change "tendermint libs" to "application libs" or something - e.g. `tendermint/iavl` should be considered an external dependency in the `tendermint/tendermint` code base.

 separate into three: standard lib, external libs, tendermint libs.
 * Here are some common library labels for consistency:
   - dbm "github.com/tendermint/tmlibs/db"
   - cmn "github.com/tendermint/tmlibs/common"
   - tmcmd "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/cmd/tendermint/commands"
   - tmcfg "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/config/tendermint"
   - tmtypes "github.com/tendermint/tendermint/types"
 * Never use anonymous imports (the `.`), for example, `tmlibs/common` or anything else.
 * tip: Use the `_` library import to import a library for initialization effects (side effects)

## Dependencies

>  * Use [dep](https://github.com/golang/dep).

Reviewer 4: outdated

 * Never edit the Gopkg.lock file, instead if you need to lock a dependancy to a certain git hash, the `version` can
 be set to the desired hash in Gopkg.toml. For more information on advanced usage of the `Gopkg.toml` file see
[this](https://golang.github.io/dep/docs/daily-dep.html).
 * Dependencies should be pinned by a release tag, or specific commit, to avoid breaking `go get` when external dependencies are updated.

> ## Testing

Reviewer 3: Can we add a sentence on mocking here? I strongly prefer using `testify/mock` along with Mockery, since it's easier to test a wide range of cases than with hand-written mocks.

 * The first rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * The second rule of testing is: we add tests to our code
 * For Golang testing:
   * Make use of table driven testing where possible and not-cumbersome
     - [Inspiration](https://dave.cheney.net/2013/06/09/writing-table-driven-tests-in-go)
   * Make use of [assert](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/assert) and [require](https://godoc.org/github.com/stretchr/testify/require)

>  * For Bash testing:

Reviewer 3: Let's drop this section. We shouldn't have any significant logic in Bash - if we do, it should be rewritten in a "real" language.

   * Checkout [shunit2](https://github.com/kward/shunit2) and [bats](https://github.com/sstephenson/bats)
   * In general, bash testing should be kept to a minimum.

## Errors

>  * Avoid [pkg/errors](https://github.com/pkg/errors), it's a [broken system](https://github.com/pkg/errors/issues/144).

Reviewer 4: disagree, but let's write something like "Use stdlib errors package"

Reviewer 3: Also add a note to use `fmt.Errorf()` with `%w` when wrapping errors.

Author: As opposed to using `errors.Wrap()` right?

Reviewer 3: Yep. Go now has native support for the wrapping that we used `pkg/errors` for before.

Author: Okay I shall switch to using that then

## Config

 * Currently the TOML filetype is being used for config files

>  * A good practice is to store the default Config file under `~/.[yourAppName]/config.toml`

Reviewer 4: what makes this a good practice?

Reviewer 3: I'd say it's more of an established convention.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * A good practice is to store per-user config files under `~/.[yourAppName]/config.toml`
```

>  * Implement your config setup with [Viper](https://github.com/spf13/viper)

Reviewer 4: don't think we should enforce this
